.TH "gengetopt_args_info" 3 "Fri Nov 25 2011" "Version v1.0.0" "Cuda Codificador" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
gengetopt_args_info \- 
.PP
Where the command line options are stored.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <params.h>\fP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBhelp_help\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint help and exit help description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBversion_help\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPrint version and exit help description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBimagem_arg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome da imagem PGM a ser codificada. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBimagem_orig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome da imagem PGM a ser codificada original value given at command line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBimagem_help\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome da imagem PGM a ser codificada help description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdicionario_arg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome do dicionario de codificação. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdicionario_orig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome do dicionario de codificação original value given at command line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBdicionario_help\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome do dicionario de codificação help description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBficheiro_arg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome do ficheiro de saída (ficheiro codificado). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBficheiro_orig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome do ficheiro de saída (ficheiro codificado) original value given at command line. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBficheiro_help\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInome do ficheiro de saída (ficheiro codificado) help description. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBhelp_given\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether help was given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBversion_given\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether version was given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBimagem_given\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether imagem was given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBdicionario_given\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether dicionario was given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBficheiro_given\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether ficheiro was given. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBinputs\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIunamed options (options without names) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned \fBinputs_num\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIunamed options number \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Where the command line options are stored. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBdicionario_arg\fP"
.PP
nome do dicionario de codificação. 
.SS "unsigned int \fBdicionario_given\fP"
.PP
Whether dicionario was given. 
.SS "const char* \fBdicionario_help\fP"
.PP
nome do dicionario de codificação help description. 
.SS "char* \fBdicionario_orig\fP"
.PP
nome do dicionario de codificação original value given at command line. 
.SS "char* \fBficheiro_arg\fP"
.PP
nome do ficheiro de saída (ficheiro codificado). 
.SS "unsigned int \fBficheiro_given\fP"
.PP
Whether ficheiro was given. 
.SS "const char* \fBficheiro_help\fP"
.PP
nome do ficheiro de saída (ficheiro codificado) help description. 
.SS "char* \fBficheiro_orig\fP"
.PP
nome do ficheiro de saída (ficheiro codificado) original value given at command line. 
.SS "unsigned int \fBhelp_given\fP"
.PP
Whether help was given. 
.SS "const char* \fBhelp_help\fP"
.PP
Print help and exit help description. 
.SS "char* \fBimagem_arg\fP"
.PP
nome da imagem PGM a ser codificada. 
.SS "unsigned int \fBimagem_given\fP"
.PP
Whether imagem was given. 
.SS "const char* \fBimagem_help\fP"
.PP
nome da imagem PGM a ser codificada help description. 
.SS "char* \fBimagem_orig\fP"
.PP
nome da imagem PGM a ser codificada original value given at command line. 
.SS "char** \fBinputs\fP"
.PP
unamed options (options without names) 
.SS "unsigned \fBinputs_num\fP"
.PP
unamed options number 
.SS "unsigned int \fBversion_given\fP"
.PP
Whether version was given. 
.SS "const char* \fBversion_help\fP"
.PP
Print version and exit help description. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Cuda Codificador from the source code.
